commands.md, before:

# Commands

## Key
| Symbol     | Meaning                    |
| ---------- | -------------------------- |
| (Argument) | This argument is optional. |

## Infraction
| Commands              | Arguments | Description                               |
| --------------------- | --------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| Infract, Warn, Strike | <none>    | Use this to issue an infraction to a user |
| history               | User      | Use this to view a user's record          |

## Rule Management
| Commands   | Arguments | Description                                  |
| ---------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| createRule | <none>    | Use this to create new rules for your guild. |
| deleteRule | <none>    | Use this to delete rules for your guild.     |
| rule       | Rule      | Display a given rule.                        |
| rules      | <none>    | Displays all the rules and their weights.    |
| shortrules | <none>    | Displays all the rule headings.              |
| updateRule | <none>    | Update a rule for this guild.                |

## Utility
| Commands | Arguments | Description          |
| -------- | --------- | -------------------- |
| Help     | (Command) | Display a help menu. |

Commit message:

feat(punishments): add mute & blindfold punishments
Added:
- MuteService to handle applying, removing and managing mutes to a user.
- BlindfoldService to handle applying, removing and managing the blindfolded role.
- Listeners to:
  - Apply overrides to mute & blindfold role when new channels are added.
  - Re-add muted / blindfolded roles to a user if they leave with the roles applied.
- Added initial punishment mapping to BotConfiguration.
- Added new information to the startup service.
- Added new commands to manage the mute & blindfold operations.

commands.md, after:

# Commands

## Key
| Symbol     | Meaning                    |
| ---------- | -------------------------- |
| (Argument) | This argument is optional. |

## Infraction
| Commands              | Arguments          | Description                               |
| --------------------- | ------------------ | ----------------------------------------- |
| Infract, Warn, Strike | <none>             | Use this to issue an infraction to a user |
| blindfold             | Member, Time, Text | Use this to mute a member                 |
| history               | User               | Use this to view a user's record          |
| mute                  | Member, Time, Text | Use this to mute a member                 |
| unblindfold           | Member             | Use this to mute a member                 |
| unmute                | Member             | Use this to mute a member                 |

## Rule Management
| Commands   | Arguments | Description                                  |
| ---------- | --------- | -------------------------------------------- |
| createRule | <none>    | Use this to create new rules for your guild. |
| deleteRule | <none>    | Use this to delete rules for your guild.     |
| rule       | Rule      | Display a given rule.                        |
| rules      | <none>    | Displays all the rules and their weights.    |
| shortrules | <none>    | Displays all the rule headings.              |
| updateRule | <none>    | Update a rule for this guild.                |

## Utility
| Commands | Arguments | Description          |
| -------- | --------- | -------------------- |
| Help     | (Command) | Display a help menu. |
